
on 1/4/2026 Derek met with Bob
Pickin
pickin - stopped it from being developed with 1000 people in westford.
Katie - pickins daughter. Conservation
1740 farm. irrevocable trust. It will always be a farm. permanent restriction. It'll always be a farm.

Mike and Richard (son). 

Mike is not a son - owns property management with Bob.

Mike put the google site together.

3.5 million. 400k 2.5 million.

million 250 by may 7th.

Feeding and healing people.

Bleeding 8k a month. Hoping by mid 26 they'll have conservation restriction.
Bob wants to do a conservation restriction to get $$$ to be mortgange free.

Benefit - easy to use, drag and drop. Not good at Search engine optimization.

bob
if 4 acres and make 1000 thousand pounds of food.

- Want to get the word out to people would could possibly donate. Wants donations to come in.

? How do first responders learn about the EMDR

Boston area gleamers grow the feed at meadow brook harvest and distribute.

Geamers has a website as well. <check this out>

Greater Lowell community foundation. 501c so people can donate to rock bottom and meadow brook.

EMDR - Eye Movement Desensitation.

Wants to allow people to have 3 nites.
"On-site academy" - searched 30k first responders. Psychologists. 

Feed people 169k kids go to be hungry. 

Bob is involved with Chelmsford rotarty. Would provide backpacks. not descript. Load them up with food for the weekend. Get involved with Bedford NH. Mike's 2 kids (1 is 18 now).

Bob went to United Way (Rodenbush, community center) bought blankets from united way and they were gone in 48 hours in Westford and Chelmsford.

The first responders want the site to be stealthlike. the river that seperates them from everyone else.

Rockbottom was originally "orchard hill" farm. It'll stay as rock bottom since its aimed to treat folks that are at "rock bottom".

Bob is creating a class room in the bar.
Companies donating for classroom, bunk room.

Ideas
- a page for saying thank you to donors. 


FarmRMG.com is using now

Michael, Bob will connect him with me.